c:\users\paolo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerList\CustomerList\bin\Debug\CustomerList.exe.config
c:\users\paolo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerList\CustomerList\bin\Debug\CustomerList.exe
c:\users\paolo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerList\CustomerList\bin\Debug\CustomerList.pdb
c:\users\paolo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerList\CustomerList\bin\Debug\CustomerList.xml
c:\users\paolo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerList\CustomerList\obj\Debug\CustomerList.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\paolo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerList\CustomerList\obj\Debug\CustomerList.frmCustomerList.resources
c:\users\paolo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerList\CustomerList\obj\Debug\CustomerList.Resources.resources
c:\users\paolo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerList\CustomerList\obj\Debug\CustomerList.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\paolo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerList\CustomerList\obj\Debug\CustomerList.exe
c:\users\paolo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerList\CustomerList\obj\Debug\CustomerList.xml
c:\users\paolo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerList\CustomerList\obj\Debug\CustomerList.pdb
C:\Users\rulec\Downloads\Lab 04 Sample - Customer List\CustomerList\CustomerList\bin\Debug\CustomerList.exe.config
C:\Users\rulec\Downloads\Lab 04 Sample - Customer List\CustomerList\CustomerList\bin\Debug\CustomerList.exe
C:\Users\rulec\Downloads\Lab 04 Sample - Customer List\CustomerList\CustomerList\bin\Debug\CustomerList.pdb
C:\Users\rulec\Downloads\Lab 04 Sample - Customer List\CustomerList\CustomerList\bin\Debug\CustomerList.xml
C:\Users\rulec\Downloads\Lab 04 Sample - Customer List\CustomerList\CustomerList\obj\Debug\CustomerList.vbprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rulec\Downloads\Lab 04 Sample - Customer List\CustomerList\CustomerList\obj\Debug\CustomerList.frmCustomerList.resources
C:\Users\rulec\Downloads\Lab 04 Sample - Customer List\CustomerList\CustomerList\obj\Debug\CustomerList.Resources.resources
C:\Users\rulec\Downloads\Lab 04 Sample - Customer List\CustomerList\CustomerList\obj\Debug\CustomerList.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\rulec\Downloads\Lab 04 Sample - Customer List\CustomerList\CustomerList\obj\Debug\CustomerList.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\rulec\Downloads\Lab 04 Sample - Customer List\CustomerList\CustomerList\obj\Debug\CustomerList.exe
C:\Users\rulec\Downloads\Lab 04 Sample - Customer List\CustomerList\CustomerList\obj\Debug\CustomerList.xml
C:\Users\rulec\Downloads\Lab 04 Sample - Customer List\CustomerList\CustomerList\obj\Debug\CustomerList.pdb
